all of us use laptops and smartphones
now everybody uses a laptop and or a
smartphone and the question is arisen
lately is there room for a third
category of device in the middle
something that's between a laptop and a
smartphone and of course we've pondered
this question for years as well the bar
is pretty high in order to really create
a new category of devices those devices
are going to have to be far better at
doing some key tasks they're gonna have
to be far better at doing some really
important things better than the laptop
better than the smartphone what kind of
tasks well things like browsing the web
that's a pretty tall order something
that's better at browsing the web than
laptop okay doing email enjoying and
sharing photographs video watching
videos enjoying your music collection
playing games reading ebooks if there's
going to be a third category of device
it's going to have to be better at these
kinds of tasks than a laptop or a
smartphone otherwise it has no reason
for being now some people have thought
that that's a netbook the problem is
netbooks aren't better at anything they
they're slow they have low quality
displays and they run clunky old pc
software so they're not better than a
laptop at anything they're just cheaper
they're just cheap laptops and we don't
think if they're a third category device
but we think we've got something that is
and we'd like to show it to you today
for the first time and we call it the
iPad
let me show it to you now this is what
it looks like I happen to have one right
here that's what it looks like so let's
give you a little overview it's very
thin and you can change the background
screen the home screen to personalize it
any way you want people put their own
photos on it I'm sure but we ship a few
and you can make it anything you want
and what this device does is
extraordinary you can browse the web
with it it is the best browsing
experience you've ever had it's
phenomenal to see a whole web page right
in front of you and you can manipulate
with your fingers it's unbelievably
great way better than a laptop way
better than a smartphone and you can
turn iPad any way you want up down
sideways it automatically adjusts
however you want to use it and again to
see the whole web page is phenomenal
right there holding the internet in your
hands it's an incredible experience
phenomenal for mail I want to focus in
on a message you can do that see your
inbox again just turn iPad sideways get
a different view on your mail push the
compose window a keyboard pops up that's
almost life-size it's a dream to type on
for photos your albums are showing the
stacks of photos your albums or events
you can unfold them look at all your
photos flick through them got some great
slideshows built-in it's a wonderful way
to share your photos with
family built in a calendar see your
months activities or your day's
activities and everything in between
built in a great address book for your
contacts have a great maps application
which works with Google's back in show
you maps satellite view zoom in on
things ipad is an awesome way to enjoy
your music collection and of course we
have the itunes store built right into
the ipad so you can discover music you
can purchase it movies TV shows podcasts
iTunes University everything built right
into the iPad youtube you can watch
youtube on it including youtube and high
def now they've got a lot of high def
video and of course it's awesome to
watch TV shows and movies on so that
gives you a little overview of what the
iPad can do but it's nothing like seeing
it so I'd love to show it to you now
let's take a look at it
again using this thing is remarkable
it's it's so much more intimate than a
laptop and it's so much more capable
than the smartphone with this gorgeous
large this